# PyBer_Analysis
## Overview
The purpose of this anaylsis is to give a report with the proper visualization to the PyBer Company using the data from the city and rides altogether. The merged data is used to get a summary of how many riders does the company get in each city type (suburban, urban, rural) and how much (USD) does the company earn from each city riders, for each month. This then further analysed how much the company earns weekly.
## Results:
Results show that for each month, the company earns more in the month of Febuary and has the highest fare count in the urban cities, which correlates to the high amount of traffic in terms of everyday riders in many locations. In the rural cities, the month of April seems to have a high fare average than the usual, while in suburban cities, the peak is on February. 
To break it down further, there are more drivers in the urban cities, which totals to 2405 and has the lowest average cost of ride per rider. Rural has the lowest total average fare of $4327.93 since that has the lowest count of drivers as well. But this city has the highest average cost of ride per rider. As for suburban cities, the total average fare comes down to roughly 20k, with 490 drivers and $30.97 average fare per rider.
## Summary:
With the results presented, it is best to picture each rider in each city with the idea that the busier the city, the more riders and higher total fares. To get the average fare per rider to increase, more drivers must be put in urban cities as citizens tend to not have their own vehicles. 
To get the company to earn more from the riders, the company needs to invest in more marketing strategies to advertise the company. The company can offer a bit more benefits for the drivers in each city, so the more influx of drivers, the quicker the service would be in getting to each riders. The company can also think about having special offers on the months where the total fare is low such as in January. Overall, the summary presents a potential growth for the company in the coming years.  
